Remove Label parameter leftover references from TextBox and MaskedTextBox docs (#848)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/maskedtextbox/mask-prompt.md

}
````

### Mask on Focus, FloatingLabel and Placeholder

The `MaskOnFocus` parameter lets you instruct the component to show the mask only when the user is about to type in the input - when it is focused. This lets you show the [FloatingLabel]({%slug floatinglabel-overview%}) or `Placeholder` that you can set so you can provide an easier to read prompt first, before you show the actual format to your users.

> The [FloatingLabel]({%slug floatinglabel-overview%}) will take precedense over the `Placeholder` if the MaskedTextBox is not focused. Neither will be shown if there is a `Value` already. You should use the `Placeholder` over the [FloatingLabel]({%slug floatinglabel-overview%}) if you do not want the animated effect or the increased height it causes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [FloatingLabel]({%slug floatinglabel-overview%}) will take precedence over the `Placeholder` if the MaskedTextBox is not focused. Neither will be shown if there is a `Value` already. You should use the `Placeholder` instead of a [FloatingLabel]({%slug floatinglabel-overview%}) if you do not want the animated effect or the increased height it causes.
```
